hey what's up guys is anthony from
anthony's customs and this isn't exactly
a figure review and but isn't exactly i
mean it's nothing like a figure review
this is the legend of zelda hyrule
historia book i finally got one so i
figured i would show you guys what it's
like and i would recommend it to you
because at least at the time i purchased
this it was only seventeen dollars on
amazon so if you add that to other stuff
you can get it for seventeen dollars
with free shipping and it's one heck of
a book just on quality alone it's a nice
hard cover which is really nice gold
inlay i don't know if that's called an
inlay but it is like engraved it Sam
it's not embossed actually it's not
engraved either so forget that but it is
gold and it looks cool and it has this
really nice just kind of Zelda esque
look to it do note that they at least
mine it was still shrink-wrapped and
everything but the corner was pretty
mushed but it's still pretty in it's in
pretty decent quality and condition I
cannot talk today so there's the spine
of it looks pretty cool too dark horse
book and then the back just looks more
like the front so in quality wise it's
really good that covers nice the page
quality is good really can't complain
too much and it has tons of stuff and
it's some people complain that it
focuses on to too much on one game or
another I don't remember which one days
off Hank said look through it yet I
think it was Skyward Sword is the one it
focuses on but I don't really care
because it's cool it has this a little
bit of manga in the back some colored
stuff I believe there's black and white
and yeah there's black and white also
really nice artwork there's all kinds of
info on the games themselves and then
obviously there's tons of stuff on the
characters and story on the games not
just info about the games tons of
concept art reference images all kinds
of good stuff so if you're a zelda fan
of any level I'm not the hugest selda
fan I do like some zelda though
rina was my favorite game maybe of all
time not counting halo because it's a
separate category altogether but it is
one of the franchise's I do really like
or licenses so if you are at least in
the in the least little bit of fan of
Zelda this is probably a book you should
pick up its really nice especially for
the price you should probably go get one
alright so there is tons of great
artwork high quality really well done
they're these guys thanks for watching
stay tuned for some figure reviews a
custom figures and other good stuff in
the meantime keep collecting
you